com/example/third/ThirdApplication.java
 com.example.third.ThirdApplication
com/example/third/config/JpaConfig.java
 com.example.third.config.JpaConfig
com/example/third/domain/BaseEntity.java
 com.example.third.domain.BaseEntity
com/example/third/model/team/TeamSaveRequest.java
 com.example.third.model.team.TeamSaveRequest
com/example/third/exception/TeamException.java
 com.example.third.exception.TeamException
com/example/third/model/team/TeamUpdateRequest.java
 com.example.third.model.team.TeamUpdateRequest
com/example/third/domain/Member.java
 com.example.third.domain.Member
com/example/third/model/member/MemberSaveRequest.java
 com.example.third.model.member.MemberSaveRequest
com/example/third/exception/advice/ExceptionAdvice.java
 com.example.third.exception.advice.ExceptionAdvice
com/example/third/exception/MemberException.java
 com.example.third.exception.MemberException
com/example/third/model/command/ErrorResponse.java
 com.example.third.model.command.ErrorResponse
com/example/third/domain/Team.java
 com.example.third.domain.Team
com/example/third/model/member/MemberUpdateRequest.java
 com.example.third.model.member.MemberUpdateRequest
com/example/third/controller/TeamController.java
 com.example.third.controller.TeamController
com/example/third/service/TeamService.java
 com.example.third.service.TeamService
com/example/third/service/MemberService.java
 com.example.third.service.MemberService
com/example/third/repository/TeamRepository.java
 com.example.third.repository.TeamRepository
com/example/third/controller/MemberController.java
 com.example.third.controller.MemberController
com/example/third/model/member/MemberResponse.java
 com.example.third.model.member.MemberResponse
com/example/third/repository/MemberRepository.java
 com.example.third.repository.MemberRepository
com/example/third/model/team/TeamResponse.java
 com.example.third.model.team.TeamResponse
com/example/third/model/member/MemberDTO.java
 com.example.third.model.member.MemberDTO
